DOC-6162: Updated CENM 1.6 support matrix (#1915)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/1.6/cenm/cenm-support-matrix.md

## JDK support

> Corda Enterprise Edition 4.11+ and Corda Enterprise Network Manager 1.6+ have been tested and verified to work with **Oracle JDK 8 JVM 8u381** and **Azul Zulu Enterprise 8u382**. For Azure deployment downloadable from [Azul Systems](https://www.azul.com/downloads/azure-only/zulu/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Corda Enterprise Edition 4.11+ and Corda Enterprise Network Manager 1.6+ have been tested and verified to work with **Oracle JDK 8 JVM 8u381** and **Azul Zulu Enterprise 8u382**. For the Azure deployment downloadable, go to [Azul Systems](https://www.azul.com/downloads/azure-only/zulu/).
```

> Corda Enterprise Edition 4.11 has been tested and verified to work with **Oracle JDK 8 JVM 8u381** and **Azul Zulu Enterprise 8u382**. Corda Enterprise Network Manager 1.6 has been tested and verified to work with **Oracle JDK 8 JVM 8u392** and **Azul Zulu Enterprise 8u392**. For Azure deployment downloadable from [Azul Systems](https://www.azul.com/downloads/azure-only/zulu/).

Reviewer 2: >Corda Enterprise Edition 4.11+ and the Corda Enterprise Network Manager 1.6+ have been tested and verified to work with **Oracle JDK 8 JVM 8u382** and **Azul Zulu Enterprise 8u382**. For Azure deployment downloadable from [Azul Systems](https://www.azul.com/downloads/azure-only/zulu/).

Both are now same JDK again (like before the initial change to 382 in cenm) so I changed the version back to what it was before. Also it was CRAFT tested against 382 so docs should reflect that, (not 392)

Reviewer 2: Sorry, it should be Oracle 381

Author: Updated
